To the great Germans in the world,...
...grouping with the British, France and Russia,
...we shall march!
To become flighty, we march!
We must not doubt the arrive ofMooji!
The land of the empire is unquestionably the most advanced land in the world.
It is the land of civilization and cooperation.
Those inc file countries'
trade pois, huge taxis and crossings within other regions
have not been used or beloved by History,
In order to thus bring forth Great History,
The great power of the Yoron is determined to break this.
Also, the peace of the Toha until today,
no matter how common, there is a great peace.
This is the house where the people's awakening is expected to take place.
The great power of the Yoron is expected to appear here.
If the people are aware of their duty to the country,
this election without a dum줄 is Future Empire.
Japan isates tobe the microt SItem.
The Yoron Empire rules and when apologizes,
and the war between the Acent and the C ком.
The north, too, has developed and......
In the end,
this seeking power has been presentWatch the front,
and watch the enemy.
and I think the
F reeции vs the song
Thank you for watching.